attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below
enjoy feel like this is game breaking
hey I'm Batman
talk to me like that
hey a deep or cog lover cops are here
oh fuck they're no match for me no match
for me I got definitely not how about I
should go to the mast or there's some
mass with some giant fucking horse dick
noses and I think he would be interested
alright I'll just have to take the black
dick there's no one else wants to people
on the beach he's stronger than you
you got that day 20 Sam this is where
the wall breach is oh god I'm a cock
lover D for cock whoever did it hashtag
in front of that D for cock from you
please don't get it I'm a D for cock get
it
okay yeah I love it up the first time
oh look at that nose that looks like a
fucking cock welcome to GTA 5 match MIT
the fuck is this person running in the
shot come on before your blind date
why you sweet alright I understand this
blind date thing
welcome to GTA 5 matchmaker our lucky
contestant still Luck's 20 hey hey
between these three lucky men to be his
date contestant number one what did you
have ideal date paramedics gotta take
care of some business here maybe too
late let's just stare at her yep she's
dead a shit brakes off this bitch call
sharkeisha right contestant number one
tell us a little bit about yourself
alright
any thoughts on that so far 2000
all right tell us about yourself
contestant over to myself I have a
cast-iron bladder and I also have a bad
habit of my drinking and all of my money
on all right this your early favorite
near los 20 well you see the number
three sounds like Macklemore I'm pretty
sure that's him and then number two I
also have a problem remembering who was
in me the night before and number one
sounds like he has a really big head
okay let's head into our next question
here where is your ideal date contestant
number one would you like to say that
first really talk much
alright contestant number two I'm to the
point I get fuck you uh I'd probably
take her out to the bar and then you
know you sign a dating show right and
then shove her but it's a guy it's not
her okay
well then I'd take her out to the bar
and then show her my ventriloquist
skills I can talk
and then I'd shove her into the back of
my trunk in raper okay Darren Sharper
all right contestant number three all
right me fucking lame first of all I'm
sure I bought her a night gown get it
dark night anyway one of my favorite
people that's all right my friends over
and that's a little bit of my take on
that so far on boy actually who is that
guy in the monkey mask
he's not a guy
I thought for sure the street corner
dating show would turn out to be legit
so the third time this week
M um TV they call me the baby face over